hi slot crush and I'm here with my
moisturizing routine for my locks I do
this whenever my hair feels dry maybe
once or twice a week I usually start
with neither freshly washed wet hair or
if my hair is dry like say a few days
after washing I spray my scalp and hair
down with rose water to start I
absolutely love rose water I also use it
on my body and as a toner on my face it
can also be used in cooking you can try
some in your porridge or in your tea I
love products that are safe enough to
eat for me I have to use gentle products
on my scalp and be very careful not to
cause any irritation on my scalp plus
you'll smell like a bed of roses who
doesn't love that the second step to my
moisturizing routine is to apply coconut
oil to my hair I use 100% organic raw
coconut oil I'm really not too
particular with any brand i buy what's
on sale as long as it has those
qualities and the colder months
as you can see coconut oil tends to
solidify this is how I melt mine down so
that it easily pours put it in some
boiling water give it a few minutes then
it's ready to pour out easily
I go section by section on my hair
pouring out a little bit more coconut
oil with each new section and I coat my
locs being careful to avoid my scalp as
you can see I'm not too particular with
my hair I just kind of go with the flow
I'm not very exact
with the sections but I do try to coat
all of the hair because I suffer from
seborrheic dermatitis I have to be very
careful to avoid oils and products on my
scalp so for me I prefer to keep my
scalp clean applying only rose water or
regular water and perhaps sometimes pure
aloe vera and that's my moisturizing
routine